Document PRIVATE_FILE_STORAGE behavior introduced in 3.20 (#1342)
saleor/saleor-docs: docs/setup/media-gcs.mdx

  </Cors>
</CorsConfig>
```

## Storing private media files on GCS bucket

> "Private media files" are files generated by Saleor backend e.g. webhook event delivery payloads.
> If you want to use GCS to store private media files, you need to configure the bucket name (see table above).
> Make sure that public access is disabled for this bucket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Private media files are files generated by Saleor that must remain secret. One example is payloads for webhook events.
To use GCS to store private media files, configure the bucket name using `GS_MEDIA_PRIVATE_BUCKET_NAME` (see the table above).

:::caution
These files may contain sensitive information. Make sure public access is disabled for this bucket.
:::
```
